# Monee

Monee simply means nothing but Money and it is there as a namespace to avoid contradiction with existing gems. 

This is a rubygem created with minimal features as required and engineered with very simple techniques showcasing few good practices in building a ruby project.

Following TDD practice, designed with few useful patterns, styled with rubocop style guide, documented with yard convention, lines of code analysis, 100% tests coverage and properly error handled rubygem project could be very useful to assess one's knowledge in build rubygems.



## Usage

## 1. Set the conversion rates

    $ Monee::Money.conversion_rates('EUR', {
      'USD'     => 1.11,
      'Bitcoin' => 0.0047
    })

## 2. Start using as below,

    $ fifty_eur = Monee::Money.new(50, 'EUR')
    $ twenty_dollars = Monee::Money.new(20, 'USD')
    $ fifty_eur + twenty_dollars # => 68.02 EUR

## How to run the test suite

Use the following commands to run the test suites

    $ cd monee
    $ rspec

## Tests Coverage(100%)

Once your run $ rspec then the commandline will generate the tests coverage under coverage directory. This is a static HTML file generated by the simplecov. You can view this file on your browser just like how you would open any other file on your browser. Here is how I opened in with mine.

Enter an URL that looks like below on your browser,

    $ file:///Users/beck/BECK/interview/monee/coverage/index.html#_AllFiles

## Steps to check LOC

To check the lines of code in this repository, you can use this simple shell script by executing the following command,

    $ ./loc.sh

## Yard Documentation

The entire code base is well documented following the yard coding comments conventions. To read the documentation of this rails app you can execute the following command,

    $ yard server

and visit http://localhost:8808, to the yard documentation of this application.

## 0 offense(s) in Rubocop

This is really something to be proud about!

## How to release the gem on rubygems.org

1. Commit all your code and push to github

2. git push with upstream flag, I did this,

        git push --set-upstream monee master:master

3. Remove these lines from monee.gemspec,

          if spec.respond_to?(:metadata)
            spec.metadata['allowed_push_host'] = ""
          else
            raise ""
          end
          
4. Run this rake task from your gem path

        $ bundle exec rake release
        
## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'monee'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install monee

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/monee. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

